add identity field to AuthAccount (#1363)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/accounts.mdx

  which discard their changes upon completion. 
  Attempting to use this function outside of a script will cause a type error. 

## Identity
Identity can only be obtained as a reference from an AuthAccount and has a single `address` field. 

> The main use case for Identity is to send it from a transaction into a contract method to know the address of who called it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main use case for Identity is to send it from a transaction into a contract method to know the caller's address.
```

```cadence

// example fun 
pub fun someMethod(identity: &Identity) {
   log("I was called by ".concat(identity.address))
}

transaction() {
    prepare(signer: AuthAccount) {

> 				someMethod(signer.identity)

Reviewer: Whitespace shenanigans in a few places in this diff. Are they just an artifact of the medium or is the source code going to look weird?
